c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\VideoLoaderMVC.dll
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\VideoLoaderMVC.pdb
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\obj\Debug\VideoLoaderMVC.dll
c:\users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\obj\Debug\VideoLoaderMVC.pdb
C:\Users\kfsvlsi\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\kfsvlsi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\AWSSDK.Core.dll
C:\Users\kfsvlsi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\AWSSDK.S3.dll
C:\Users\kfsvlsi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\AWSSDK.Core.xml
C:\Users\kfsvlsi\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\VideoLoaderMVC\VideoLoaderMVC\bin\AWSSDK.S3.xml
